Update old readmes (#1979)
OSC/ondemand: apps/dashboard/README.md

It should be noted here that any Ruby module installation needs configured with
`--enable-shared` flag to be compatible with the Ruby running on the webnode.

> Now build run `bin/setup` from within this directory to fetch all the dependencies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now build by running `bin/setup` from within this directory to fetch all the dependencies
```

Author: ```suggestion
Now run `bin/setup` from within this directory to fetch all the dependencies
```

Author: 2 comments, same thing. Sorry I'm going to take Travis'.
